Add New Relic gem (#452)
rootstrap/rails_api_base: README.md

- [Simplecov](https://github.com/colszowka/simplecov) for code coverage
- [Webmock](https://github.com/bblimke/webmock) for stubbing http requests
- [YAAF](https://github.com/rootstrap/yaaf) for form objects

> - [New Relic](https://github.com/newrelic/newrelic-ruby-agent) for monitoring and debugging

Reviewer: add alphabetically

- [Rails Best Practices](https://github.com/flyerhzm/rails_best_practices#custom-configuration) Edit `config/rails_best_practices.yml`
- [Brakeman](https://github.com/presidentbeef/brakeman) Run `brakeman -I` to generate `config/brakeman.ignore`

## Monitoring

> In order to use [New Relic](https://newrelic.com) to monitor your application requests and metrics, you must setup `NEW_RELIC_API_KEY` and `NEW_RELIC_APP_NAME` environment variables.

Reviewer 2: Maybe?

```suggestion
In order to use [New Relic](https://newrelic.com) for monitoring your application requests and metrics, you must setup `NEW_RELIC_API_KEY` and `NEW_RELIC_APP_NAME` environment variables.
```

Author: I think I like the infinitive version a bit more  😅
